---
sidebar_position: 1
title: Resources
description: What are resources
---

# Resources

Resources represent the core entities of an exposed network. They are used to store and show the data found by [Stalker's jobs](/docs/concepts/jobs). A resource can also often be created through the user interface and the API.

All the resources belong to projects, and the resources are unique on a per-project basis. Deleting a project results in the deletion of its resources.

Resources have several values in common, such as their timestamp values. These include the creation date (`createdAt`), the last update date (`updatedAt`) and the date at which they were last seen (`lastSeen`).

The jobs communicate the found data through findings. Some findings will create a resource, and some will add to an existing resource. Findings that create resources, if found more than once, simply update the `lastSeen` value of a resource. Follow the link to [learn more about findings](/docs/concepts/findings).

## Types of resources

There are several types of resources. Different resources are created through different findings. Some of those findings can be generated by the user interface or by the API.

Every resource belongs to a project.

### Domains

The domains represent a domain name or a subdomain, such as, respectively, `example.com` and `subdomain.example.com`. They are used to store and show DNS-related information. They can be seen in the user interface under the `Domains` page.

A domain can be created through the `HostnameFinding`. Several of these findings can be emitted by the API through the user interface's `Add domains` capabilities.

A domain will often resolve to one or more IP addresses. IP addresses are represented as the *host* resource. A domain can be linked to one or many *hosts* through the `HostnameIpFinding`. The `HostnameIpFinding` will also create a domain and *host* if they did not exist.

The combination of a domain's name and project identifier is unique in the database.

### Hosts

The hosts represent an exposed IP address: or a computer's network interface listening on the network. Hosts are leveraged to represent the links between *domains*, hosts and *ports*. They can be seen in the user interface under the `Hosts` page.

A host can be created through the `IpFinding` for a standalone host, or through a `HostnameIpFinding` for a host that is linked to a *domain*. `IpFinding`s can be emitted by the API through the user interface's `Add hosts` capabilities.

An existing host can be linked to a *domain* through the `HostnameIpFinding`. A host can be linked to one or many domains.

A host will most of the time have *ports* related to it. This is where more of the interesting data will be found. Deleting a host will result in deleting its associated *ports*.

The combination of a host's IP and project identifier is unique in the database.

> At the moment, only IPv4 addresses are supported.

### Ports

A port represents a `tcp` or `udp` port. Ports are used, combined with a *host*'s IP address, to represent a network service. Every port is linked to a *host*. They can be seen in the user interface under the `Ports` page.

A port is a numerical value between `1` and `65535` inclusively. Ports can run any kind of network services or servers. Some examples could be a SSH server, a FTP server, a HTTP server, etc.

Stalker reports a *host*'s `open` ports. `Tcp` ports are considered `open` when they can complete a full `tcp handshake`.

> At the moment, only TCP ports are officially supported.

A port can be created with a `PortFinding`. A port finding is a combination of an IP, a port and a protocol (tcp or udp). Therefore, when a port is created, it is automatically linked to a *host*.

The combination of a port's number and host identifier is unique in the database.

### Websites

A website represents a `tcp` port running an http(s) server.

A website is the combination between a port, a host, a domain and a path. The path, when not specified, defaults to `/`. The domain can also be empty, as not all websites have domains that resolve to them.

A website is usually created for each http(s) port for each domain linked to a host.

Therefore, if a host runs two http(s) ports with two domains, a total of 6 websites on the `/` path are possible. Let's take the domains `dev.example.com` and `example.com`, the IP `1.2.3.4` and the ports `80` and `443` for the `/` path.

The following 6 values are possible:

| domain          | host    | port | path |
| --------------- | ------- | ---- | ---- |
|                 | 1.2.3.4 | 80   | /    |
| example.com     | 1.2.3.4 | 80   | /    |
| dev.example.com | 1.2.3.4 | 80   | /    |
|                 | 1.2.3.4 | 443  | /    |
| example.com     | 1.2.3.4 | 443  | /    |
| dev.example.com | 1.2.3.4 | 443  | /    |

Ports are used, combined with a *host*'s IP address, to represent a network service. Every port is linked to a *host*. They can be seen in the user interface under the `Ports` page.

A website can be created with a `WebsiteFinding`. A website finding is a combination of an IP, a port, a domain and a path. Therefore, when a website is created, it is automatically linked to the given port, host and domain.

The combination of a websites's port identifier, domain identifier and path is unique in the database.

## Interacting with resources

### Tagging a resource

Tagging a resource can be done through the user interface as well as through the API. Tagging a resource makes it easier to find it again in the future through the `tags` filter. Any resource can be tagged and found again that way.

To tag a resource in the user interface, simply open the resource's specific view and use the `Manage tags` button.

### Deleting a resource

Deleting a resource will remove it from the database. It will no longer exist in Stalker. If the same resource is encountered again by Stalker in the future, it will be recreated and it will reappear.

It is useful to remove a resource that is not present anymore, but that we would like to see again if it ever comes back.

### Blocking a resource

While deleted resources are removed from the database, blocked resources will stay in the database, but will be marked as `blocked`. Blocked resources are removed from the automation workflow, and are therefore ignored by the different types of [subscriptions](/docs/concepts/subscriptions).

> **Important**: Blocking a *host* will not automatically block its *ports*.

Blocked resources can be seen in the user interface by removing the default filter `-is: blocked`. Every resource will be shown that way, blocked or not. If you wish to only see the blocked resources, use the `is: blocked` filter.

Blocking a resource is useful if, through automation, Stalker found a resource that does not belong in the project. Deleting it would likely result in it reappearing later and jobs being run on it. Blocking it will ensure that jobs are not automatically run on the resource by remembering its existence.

### Merging websites

> This feature is not yet available, but is coming soon.
